Hi, everyone.
This is Jennifer Bagnasi with Deep Believer.
Our guest today saw heaven twice, once when she was young, the other when she was older.
When she was older, she was actually escorted to the artillery room in heaven.
Not only that, but she accidentally got wrapped up into witchcraft, and when she did, she
was actually taken into different realms through portals and tormented.
But not only that, she mentioned something that is happening right now.
A lot of people are being taken into false paradises.
People are having NDE experiences that actually are not from God, but they think they're in
heaven.
So she's here to explain why that is so, and she gives us detail.
Sandy Lin Taylor, thank you so much for being with us today.
Thank you so much, Jennifer.
It is an honor to be here.
And it is an honor to have you.
So Sandy Lin, you were actually raised in the Philippines, and you didn't have that
well of a childhood.
So tell us about your childhood.
So I will start when I was young.
I was one and a half year old when my parents abandoned me because of poverty, and my dad
is into drugs.
And so they got separated when my mom was about to go to Saudi Arabia.
I was one and a half year old, and she just told me that she's going to buy candy in the
store.
But she didn't come back for years.
And that's the story that she told me.
She honestly told me that she lied when she needs to go, but it's really painful on her
side too.
I was raised as a pagan, Jennifer.
So there's no person who's telling me who is Jesus about the Bible, about God.
So in Philippines, Jennifer, we are majority is Catholic, but I was raised as a pagan.
And being raised as a pagan, I grew up full of fears and anxiety.
This time of my life is really hard for me.
This is very, very hard, abandonment issues and all sorts of abuse.
So I'm not going to put in detail so much about it, but the abuse started when I was
really young.
It's somehow close to me, that person.
And from there, everything started to get dark in my life and with the way I walk until
I grow up.
So at that time where I was a pagan and growing up with not having so much things, God already
showed me this vision when I was five years old.
So this open vision is, I will never forget this, even until now, it's just amazing.
So everyone was sleeping at this time, Jennifer, and we were in a very small apartment in Manila.
And there's this window there on our room.
As soon as I wake up that early morning, I heard this music.
It's really the one that captivates me.
It's the one that really draw me to go and look up on the sky.
On that vision, the music keeps on playing.
Just seeing what I'm seeing at that time, it's the first time I experienced that joy,
that love.
When I saw the man on the road, the image of him there on the sky, what really I couldn't
forget is his eyes.
Even though he didn't speak to me, he's telling me that he's loved.
He's telling me that he's the embodiment of all the goodness and love of joy, that peace
that transcends human understanding.
It's the first time I experienced that.
I thought it's an imagination or something, but it's because I'm confused when I was young.
But it's very vivid.
I could not forget that.
And then there's another instances.
It also happened in the same place, in apartment, but I was outside at this time, Jennifer.
And then suddenly I was, you know, because maybe I'm anticipating, expecting I will see
another, you know, because I'm really after that amazing feeling.
And so I look up again at the time and I saw this open heaven.
It's like the cloud, it has a bursting colors.
It's like gold, but then beyond that, there's like so many bursting colors.
It's so beautiful.
And there's this river.
And now that I'm a Christian, I read that in Revelation where I think it is the river
of living water.
I cannot describe in my human understanding how the place is.
It's simply beautiful, but you know, it's alive.
It's something, something miraculous, something majestic about that place.
And then after those, you know, experience, I was, you know, I was actually jumping for
joy when, you know, my relatives things like, oh, you know, she's a child, she's just, you
know, playing around.
But I was like, there's someone in there, there's someone in there, there's living,
living in that place like that.
So after that experience, you know, I kept it in my heart.
At a very young age, I already lost my innocence.
And this vision, you know, that I was just seeing was just, you know, turn everything
in my life dark.
So I went from different places, different people who, you know, will take care of us,
relatives and other neighbors and people.
I want to emphasize this, Jennifer, that this is a very important role of the parents
that God entrusted us, which the mother is the sole protector of their children.
The mother should be the one who pray fervently for their children.
And when the children don't have the parents to guide them, to protect them, they are open
for all kinds of attacks.
Because that's what I experienced.
I've been sexually abused, molested with different peoples.
And at first, Jennifer, you know, I always feel that it's always my fault.
Like every time things happen, I always feel like it's my fault.
Because maybe, you know, I'm too weak to resist or I just, you know, couldn't do something
about it.
I cannot even speak up about it.
I just feel so guilty inside is how I feel all my life.
It's that that confidence in me, you know, and innocence in me, it's just gone.
There comes a point in my life that that fear turns into pain that at my young age, I already
felt, you know, that pain.
And at the time, I'm not only sexually abused, there's also verbally abused, you know, everyone's,
you know, like, putting curses on you in a way that, you know, sometimes, you know, because
we're not too careful with words.
Yeah, we say so much things about this person is just going to be a nobody, you know.
And I was really persecuted a lot when I was young.
And then after that, you know, verbally abused, sexually abused.
We also experienced some physical abuse, you know, and the worst of all the abuse is spiritual
abuse, Jennifer.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I'm surrounded with that.
At my young age, I saw so many things that a young child shouldn't see, like pornography.
And, you know, I was surrounded with everything that's going on in that environment.
And love and grace is very unheard.
Although this is how God kept me at that time.
This is how I see God really show mercy to me, even at those young years, Jennifer.
God never removed that adventurous spirit of mine.
I was watching this.
I'm sure you know this history or story.
It's Huckleberry Finn.
I kind of really related to him because he's homeless like that and like, you know, the
freedom of adventure like that.
And so when I was elementary, I saw this Four Faces of the Mountain, our teacher just taught
us.
And in that book, I just touched the book and I said, someday, I'm going to go here.
So, you know, I had this faith.
God really put that so much faith in me.
There's that faith in me that I just never gave up my dream.
There's some stronghold in places.
Whatever happened in that place, it opens a portal of something evil.
Because that place in the province with my grandpa, we always welcome medium, witchdoctor
and all kinds of paganism.
We also, I saw them sacrificing animals.
I really don't understand, but I was a witness.
I'm just an observer at the time.
So there was this time, this kind of God, nature spirits or whoever it is, got offended
and you need to sacrifice a very specific kind of animal.
A collar and everything.
It's like, you know, that is a very cruel God, right?
If you miss something with instruction, you're really in big trouble.
Yeah, so this is what happened.
And after we sacrificed these animals, the blood, I'm not official at this time, but
I didn't know the importance of blood, but at that time, they put blood of the animals
over, you know, but it opens the portal, like what I said.
Also, that's a place where many people were, you know, abused and, you know, because the
Philippines has a lot of history about abuse and wars and, you know, so much things.
So at that place where I sleep, Jennifer, I will never forget this.
This is the first time I saw this look like a dark shadow smoke.
That's how I can best describe it.
It's huge.
And it's really coming closer to the house.
But I'm not sure how this really worked because I was young at the time.
But the only thing I remember is that entity looked like and the evil presence of that
entity.
It's like really like, it's not only goosebumps, it's like it's so thick.
The presence is so thick, that's how I can imagine.
And I couldn't forget his eyes because his eyes looks like hell.
If I can describe it, it's like there's deep lava.
That's the way I can describe it, it's like dark fire lava.
It's like there's a realm inside his eyes.
That's how I can describe that.
I was paralyzed in fear when I was young and I was like, what is this thing I'm seeing?
It feels like it goes on forever, that it keeps on just, you know, walking there closer
and closer and then suddenly it's gone.
And then I'm like, what's that thing?
I felt like even when I was young, I'm seeing things a lot, but I cannot speak out about
it because I feel like, you know, who will believe me?
Something like that.
After that experience, God has a plan and the enemy has a plan.
God has sent like a minister angels or a guardian angels to us.
And I also believe that the devil also sent another, you know, enemy to really guard or
watch us.
That's how I see it.
Because this entity is something that I'm not seeing it every day, but every stages
of like what I said, of my growing years, I'm seeing this thing.
And just every time that thing appears, something big is about to happen to me.
So after I see that, that's where things really get out of hand, Jennifer.
The abuse, the pain and everything is horrendous.
There's this instance where, it happens so many times, but there's this night where this
auntie of mine, he hid us in the water tank.
This is an empty water tank.
This kind of water tank is not the water tank that is like, you know, it's made of like
cement.
It's like cave.
It looks like cave.
It's very dark, Jennifer.
So my auntie put us there in that basin and she said to us, not any single word, you know,
I don't know how, how, how we survive is by the grace of God that I am here.
Yeah.
So those are, you know, just a few of those experiences that I have.
I'm trying to, you know, make it fun, you know, to look fun, but at that time it's not
fun.
So how old were you when you were in a basin though?
How old were you when you were in the basin?
How long were you there for?
Yeah.
I think if I will remember, because I, I don't really have a clear memory of this.
This is just being told by my auntie.
This is story to me.
You know, when you were young, that's what she said.
I hid you in that water tank, that empty water in the basin.
So when she said this to me, I believe I'm around maybe six years old because five years
old when I have a vision about the heaven and then six years old when we were transferred
in the province.
So I think at those timeline where, you know, it, it happened, it really happened.
And like what I said, it doesn't come from my memory.
I barely even remember it, but you know, my auntie, this is a story that she keeps on telling
me so many times.
During those times, you know, I'm just, you know, this, this person, but God, in a way,
he have a way of reminding me of how much he loves me, even at that time where I don't
know him.
So when I was young, you know, since I don't have parents, the time where I really feel
like I'm a child is where after school we go swimming in the river, you know, like those
Huckleberry Finn, you know, story and hide and seek, you know, like playing with friends.
Those are the happy moments.
Kind of really distract me from what really going on with my life and how I was really
feel abandoned.
But Jennifer, every time I saw an airplane that time.
I always feel that pain.
I feel like, you know, when was the time
I'm going to ride in there and I'll be with my mom,
looking up, you know, always looking up,
hoping, you know, that, you know,
I get to really have a real parents, you know,
just growing up, seeing other kids of mine
having, you know, a normal family.
And my life is really like, you know, not a normal one.
So, yeah.
I know you said your mom left,
but what happened to your father?
I don't think you mentioned your father.
Yeah. So after they, they separated.
So my, like what I said, my mom worked in Saudi Arabia.
My dad, he went to Manila, to Makati.
But it's like, I had no news about it.
I had no idea what he looks like
because everyone says he's a bad man.
He's a drug addict all his life.
So that's how they describe it to me.
Yeah. So, yeah.
So I stay away from him.
So who did they leave you with?
With relatives, so many relatives.
Sometimes neighbors.
So it really depends on, you know,
where we're going to school
or if the person still can handle us, you know?
Yeah.
Did your mother ever tell you why she left?
She said when the point where my dad physically abused her,
like really hurt her,
because I think because of my dad's, you know,
doing this marijuana, you know,
so he's always in the spirit of, you know,
jealousy and anger and suspicion.
And you can't even talk to any man
because if my dad found out, yeah.
So there's that physical abuse.
And also poverty is another reason
because since my dad not providing anything,
so she needs to step and find a good life for us.
Those are what my mom keeps on always telling us,
the reason why she needs to leave us.
Yeah.
But of course it doesn't really make sense to me.
All I just understand is like the fear of, you know,
just seeing her always leaving us, you know?
Yeah, so.
And I know you said that you were in the occult.
Is that because you saw people in the occult around you?
In the occult around you?
Yes, because they were our neighbors, Jennifer.
Because during that time when I was young,
I think it's around,
I was born in 1984.
So around nineties, something like that.
Christianity is not so popular in our town.
It's in the province in Philippines.
So we deeply believe more in the elders.
You know, the elder tell us a story about, you know,
aswang and witch and, you know,
those paganism practices.
You know, we were raised in a discipline
where the parents is like,
okay, if you're not going to behave,
I'm going to give you to aswang.
Something like that.
That's how we are being motivated by fear,
you know, to really, you know, like behave.
Yeah, so, yeah.
So it was like growing up like that, it's crazy.
And also we were exposed to like what I said, you know,
we were inviting this medium to our house
and tell us what's our future, our fate, you know,
that which woman medium told me, you know,
like I will never step any single, you know,
place in my life.
I'll just stay in that town
and be married to a lowly, you know, nobody.
And my life will be just, you know, a nobody.
And that's my fate.
And, you know, she don't only read that fortune telling
to me, but to other kids too, you know.
And I just feel like, you know, no, no,
this is not my life.
I have a dream and the dream is free and I'm going to fly.
That's, I'm just saying, you know, in my heart,
God never, you know, gave up that faith of mine,
you know, to not really embrace that life.
After this, Jennifer,
this is one of the most special moment in my life.
The very first time I was 12 years old,
when there was this person in our province
and he hold this Bible.
He shared about the gospel.
This is the very odd to me, this kind of belief,
you know, first time.
Of all the things that he said to us,
because he's teaching us about worship, you know,
I think it's Jesus who enthroned you.
That's the very first time I learned, you know.
And then of all the words that he said to me,
this is what really strikes me the most, Jennifer.
He said, you know, God can be your father.
At that time, I believe that God used that word
because that desperation of me having a father
is what really brings me to him.
I was really drawn, you know,
and I was so hungry to have that father, you know.
I want to experience what it feels like.
And so a prayer of a 12-year-old girl is this.
I said, God, if you're real, like what this man says,
and you can be my father,
can you be my father?
And that word goes up to the throne in heaven.
Until this day, I know God remembered that prayer
of that 12-years-old girl.
Because as soon as I started to pray
and learn how to pray to him,
that's where the journey of, you know,
having him as my dad all through this journey of my life,
that's where everything started, you know, Jennifer,
to be something beyond beautiful.
But there's a problem here.
The problem here is this.
I accept him at the time as my savior,
but not as my Lord,
because since I just heard about this,
I'm not deeply rooted in the word.
So it's very important to a Christian growing
that we are really deeply rooted in the word of God.
It reminds me of the sower, you know?
Like, if it's not really deeply rooted,
like, it's so easily,
the devil could easily really take away, you know,
those seeds that's been planted on my heart at the time.
So at first, my relative,
they just let me, you know, go attend that Bible study,
because they think it's not going to bring harm
to the belief that we have.
So at the time, they think it's like a season, you know,
like it will pass, you know,
because we have a passion, you know?
And then suddenly that child will change their hobby.
So they think it's just like that.
Then I'm bringing the Bible in the house,
and they really mock me.
They're really laughing.
And then, you know what I said to them, Jennifer?
I was silly-ass,
but this came really from my heart.
Sincerely, I said,
hey, guys, I'm born again now.
I have a born-again experience.
I'm born again.
I accept Jesus as my Lord and Savior.
I said that.
And so they're really laughing and really mocking at me,
you know?
Sometimes when I pray, you know?
But this is where they started to really feel
uneasy and uncomfortable about it,
because that child that is feisty and mean,
I'm sorry, I think I didn't have the chance to tell you.
So when I was young, I grew up very rebellious.
I'm very feisty.
I'm always in the street fights, you know?
I grew up hating men, you know?
But somehow I am starting to have this identity crisis
because I was raised by a military, you know?
So my training is tough.
And then my cousins, you know,
I'm surrounded with men.
So I grew up hating men,
but at the same time, you know,
I was really into fights, you know?
A lot of time into fights, you know?
And there's this time when I was about to graduate
when I was in elementary.
I almost not graduated
because I really hurt this classmate of mine.
I don't know if you had this when you were young.
So he had this, we had this game
and he lifted my skirt in front of many people.
And that really, you know,
drives me to really bang his head on the metal pole.
And then as you know, I see there's an ambulance
and my teacher was not so happy.
You know, that's how worse I am, Jennifer,
before Jesus found me.
So they feel like uneasy to me.
Like what happened to the one I trained as, you know,
to be like, you know, like a tough military, you know,
you know, woman, you know, like this?
She became tame and she's now smiling,
having this joy, you know, something odd about her,
you know?
So maybe they kind of really sense this,
this Bible studies getting into her.
And then one Sunday I was ironing my clothes,
going to church.
And then they said, hey, where are you going?
I said, I'm going to church.
You cannot go there.
Those people are bunches of crazy people.
They're raising their hands, they're crying.
And then later they will laugh like that.
So they think Christianity,
in the perspective of a pagan is like, you know,
what are they doing?
They're raising their hands, they're crying.
They have this God is like an idea.
God is just like that idea.
You know, it's like,
like they think we were on drugs or something.
Yeah, this is, this is my relative state, you know?
So do not go to that church, you know,
they influence you, you know,
and brainwash you or something.
But I said, I'm going there.
I just want to go there.
Why do you want to go there?
And after that, that fight really got,
ended up badly because, you know,
there's kicking and I couldn't even finish the ironing
because, you know, I got beat up.
And because this person is bigger than me and he's a man,
so I was crying.
And so they said, you cannot go to that church.
If we found out you're going there,
you're going to be beat up, you know, like that,
or we'll lock you in your room, something like that.
I was really sad that time,
but this is what I did, Jennifer.
So I have a clothes,
I prepared it, put it in my bag
and I sneak it on the window.
And then I go around at the back of the house,
but I said to them,
hey, I'm just going to play with my, you know,
with my friends.
It kind of really goes on for a while, you know,
like sneaking, going to church.
I mean, I have a different childhood
because I think I heard some kids,
they escape going to some kind of party.
But me, I tried to escape going to church.
That's really, you know, amazing.
And because of this hunger for a father,
that's really, I'm really after, you know,
I want to experience this.
When they found out about my sneaky, you know,
the thing that I did,
I recall I was locked up, really locked up.
I cannot go to church.
And so I went to one of the members or pastor,
some elder of the church
and I said, could you please ask my uncle
if he can let me go to your church?
Maybe he listens to you because you're older.
I was so desperate.
And then, so they went to my uncle
and they were so scared because, you know,
he's really, you have that authority figure,
you know, as a, you know.
And so he said, no, he's not age 18.
18, until that time, he cannot decide for himself.
We will be the one who will, you know,
raise him the way we want it
and the way how, you know, we want for her to.
So that person said to me, I'm sorry,
but you need to obey them
because they are your, you know,
authority figure for now.
That really breaks my heart into pieces
because I feel like God let me down.
I was like in my room and like, I thought you're good.
I thought you can be my father.
Why are you staying like my parents?
You also don't love me.
You also don't want me.
All of you just always want to abandon me.
You're all the same.
And I was really like so let down.
I feel so let down by God.
But then hearing that 18, so I said, okay,
I'm going to give it a chance.
If I'm 18, I will try to come back to you again.
That's what I said.
But, you know, those promises I forgot
because after that, I became worse, Jennifer.
I don't want to hear about, you know, Jesus
or about this Bible.
I was just really, you know, full of hate and pain.
And then the abuse continue, sexual abuse,
actually more happened when, you know,
I reached the age where I'm, you know,
starting to be a lady.
It's just, you know, an ever-ending pain
and darkness and, you know, torture.
That's how I feel at the time I was high school.
I was very rebellious, you know.
This age where 17 years old, Jennifer,
this is another turning point in my life
because there are two highlights
that happens to me in this time.
So the first one I'm going to tell you is
I met this friend of mine and she's beautiful.
I never know she is, she's in a weekend group.
Since, you know, college, you know,
sometimes we have this playing Spirit of the Glass.
I don't know if you're aware of that.
Yeah, it's like, you know, Ouija boards,
you know, those cool stuff thing
that we thought were cool when we were young.
Wait, so you guys play with Ouija boards in school?
When we don't have class, you know.
Actually, it's not Ouija.
In Philippines, majority of what we have there
is Spirit of the Glass.
What is that?
We made a board.
We, it's like a made up pulp board.
We just made it up, you know, we buy the materials.
And then we use the glass and the glass,
the soul or the trap, you know,
as we believe is the soul
that's going to be trapped in that glass
will be the one who will drive that facility.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I wanted to give warning to all the young people,
you know, just do not accept things that, you know,
you think it's cool or something,
because especially nowadays,
there are really many satanic influence, you know,
and they're always after young people and young kids.
So this friend of mine.
um she really looked innocent but she gave me this paper it's just an ordinary paper jennifer
and then she told me hey you want something cool you read this tonight i was like okay
and it's like you know we're hungry for you know for you know something um power or something
magic you know so cool something like that so that night i read that chant it is a chant
the way it's right it's a chant and now um going back i just opened my bible and i see the name
of that thing that i summoned i didn't realize and jennifer this is no ordinary demon it's
something it's it's in the bible actually paul mentioned that yeah i don't want to say her name
so when you say you mentioned this chant this is how you accidentally fell into witchcraft because
your friend gave you this paper to i guess speak aloud and you did it yeah he came out no
that's another thing about um about interesting about um these entities when they come and visit
you they're always sending someone you know like like like it's different this this night
different this night so i don't know maybe on my experience based on my experience
somewhere of all these spirits i saw i think i got to see her but but i'm really
definitely 100% sure when i started that and i summoned you know the name
nothing happened you know it's like i just read it like a normal you know thing nothing happened
okay you know i was actually waiting anticipating when nothing happened and then after that night
and the next following night i was college at this time this is something beyond me jennifer
i didn't realize i opened a portal because like what i said i grew up as a pagan and sometimes
they made us drink this latin paper they roll it and they make us drink it you know um so many you
know paganism you know practices so i'm so not really you know like unfamiliar with this so i'm
so used to those so that's why for me just reading this is like something i don't know how that this
is a big deal though so at the time as soon as that portal opened they just come sometimes by
group sometimes one and you really sense the evil presence it's like if i will describe this
this evil presence okay it's also they have different although they are evil and their
presence is evil the level of the evil presence is different like some are really way thicker way
um bigger you know like like you know that the level of their their evilness or their powers
you know like you kind of just sense it that's how i can describe it i actually um really started to
not going to college at time because i feel like my mind is going insane like i feel like i'm going
to lose it and like my mental stability is not good anymore i'm not on drugs jennifer even though
you know i i'm exposed to to alcohol drugs or being cool kid i'm not i'm not into drugs that's
why it's very very clear to me of what i see is i mean of what i saw is what i saw because like
what i said i'm clean i'm not into drugs at the time when um that happens every night i have a
nightmare i have a nightmare and at this time i'm not aware about astral projection it's not being
i'm not educated about astral projection but i didn't realize i'm doing an astral projection
at that time it's like you know i was way too advanced you know because um sometimes in my house
in our house you know i was just sitting and somewhere my body is going to be lifted
and it's just like a blink and i was in this place that's how how fast and how crazy it is
um and there's this instance that i was college at this time so i'm the very first in that room
in my classroom so i'm waiting for my teacher and for my classmates so while waiting i just you
know sit on my teacher's desk and i didn't realize i fell asleep and they said to me 45 minutes
i'm unconscious like no matter what they did they couldn't just wake me up and they said
what's just going on with you you know and then my classmates just making a joke like
you know do that next time so you know we'll have no you know class we will have you know
class interruption something like that but they never realized you know i at the time they are all
laughing you know they think i'm just i'm just tired but they don't know like i was so serious
at that time and i was like i couldn't stop it and you know the difference about that being visited
by those demons you just feel somewhere inside you it's been trespassed and you kind of even
couldn't shake it off that filthy feelings like you're being um spiritually abused or
it's just dirty that's how i feel it's just nasty that's this that's how i feel um that time
when my classmates trying to wake me up i was actually like you know in a different place
this realm that i saw the first the first realm that i saw i couldn't forget this place it looks
like there's no sky can you imagine that there is no sky but it looks like somehow like a glass
on the top but it's not a glass that we have here on earth it's like something
watery looking material that's what it looks like and there's this um dead tree and you know
what in the bible in genesis i don't know god really has something to do with the tree i don't
know why because like in in the time adam and eve um there's the tree of good and evil you know
and there's the tree of knowledge you know and even in heaven there is the tree you know of life
so there's in this realm it's very striking to me i saw this tree as like this huge dead tree
on that place it's very cracked and it's very dry and every time i try to run it's like it's like
you're trapped in that realm it's like every time you try to run you go back to the beginning
it's it's it's so um it's so paranoid it's so paranoid you keep on running to try to find an
escape and then you always go back to the exact place where you are the dry the the dry crack
place in the tree and it's just the tree is like everywhere i run the tree is always there is that
just that enchanting giant dead tree i couldn't forget that so that's the first experience i had
with that realm the second one i was college just this time also and this happened in in my room you
know i'm doing a siesta um siesta i'm not sure if you're familiar with that it's like an afternoon
nap was it yes yes we call it chest that's like a spanish okay yeah so it's an afternoon nap we we
you know if you grow up in a tropical country most of us we do that you know afternoon nap so yeah so
i do that afternoon nap as i believe this place that i saw is hell this is how i see it as i
describe it so i thought i was still in our house i thought so i thought i opened the door of our
house outside it's a different world i'm like what where is this i was really confused and suddenly
on the sky i saw this it looks like i thought it's a bird that's what i thought but in the realm
jennifer you have that vision where even though it's far you can see it clearly you know i don't
know how i can describe it it's like your vision is so intense so even though it's very far when
you look at and you're drawn to it it gives you the detail i what this is what i saw i am surrounded
the sky the sky was surrounded with this it looks like a giant bird but they look like evil they
have this like you know like very like claw like sharp claw they look like a human bird that's how
i can you know depict it but they're evil you know their presence and they're hovering all over
the sky it's so dark and then this place is gloomy misery all like all kinds of sadness loneliness
that you can ever imagine that never have on this earth but the atmosphere of that place is so heavy
when i go to go and you know like look at that place you know when i look at the place i was in
my house and then suddenly i saw i'm i'm on at the center of the ground of that place that's how
how crazy it is you know it's like uh you know in spiritual realm it's like if you are not permitted
to go there it's like how i can describe it's like you are an illegal you know you are an illegal
alien you know like you had no idea i mean just imagine this jennifer like if someone you know
do an illegal thing you know going from other borders and you know there's some danger in that
can you imagine if that is it's just like just the same different culture but you're still on earth
but can you imagine you're in a different realm how dangerous is that how dangerous is that
oh wow like i was like the grace of god really kept me from this day so um i when i saw that
i was there at the center of the ground and i saw this lots of souls lots of people i cannot say
they are people i feel like somehow they are already dead i don't know it's just like you
have an inner knowing you just have an inner knowing in that place so at that place you have
the inner knowing that those are dead like these people are dead and they were wearing ragged
clothes like very dirty like their robe is like like their their clothes at that time it's just
so so dirty their face is so this is what they look like when you look at them they're like in
a trance they're like in the deep deep sleep but all of them have shackles and there's this
huge angel and this angel is not heavenly angel jennifer this is like a guardian of that place
it looks so dark and i think i saw this um when i was young college i saw it in harry potter
this kind of creature it looks like some kind of having a like i don't know if he it's like a
shadow with the hood but he looks like a shepherd because it's like this soul is like he is the
flock like this soul is a flock and this guardian is the the guardian of the soul that's going
leading like he's leading them to their doom that's how it looks like so that's how so i was
like screaming and i was like guys like wake up and like i'm trying to like stop stop i'm trying
to do that because all of them is going into this big dark mouth it's like a cave a mouth for
i just cannot describe that place it's hell it's hell and they are falling one one one at a time
they're falling and falling and and they just couldn't stop it because they're in a trance
they're like in deep deep sleep and they were they don't realize they're falling so i was like
screaming but i was like even though i'm in this realm it's like i'm in a place where i am
in um how can i say it's like it's like where you were you put a fish in the aquarium so i was like
i was in that in that living room but i couldn't do something about it because i was like held in
that it's like a imaginary glass or something i i was like stop stop stop i was trying to you know
to tell it but they're like falling falling falling i was like oh wow like i was screaming
i was running and then i got back back home i was like i i just think i need to go back home
and then suddenly i just go back home you know that how crazy it is you know in the other realms
like your thoughts is the way you travel it's different it's way different so as soon as i
got back home i couldn't remember how i i come back to my body i think i screamed jesus but
it's really not clear to me how i came back but i all i know is from this day it's by the grace
of the god i came back to my body and as soon as i came back to my body the first thing that
comes to my mind is to drink water i'm very very thirsty and it's like my whole nerves and i was
like i feel so tired very very exhausted like i run a marathon like for how many you know many
days that's how i feel i'm very very tired so what do you think that tree was according to my friend
which is a weekend you know it has something to do with like a ritual when they're being summoned
you know this is how i can say in the realm so in our in our um earth before you transport to a
certain place there is an airport right we have an airport where we land remember like so that's
where you get the ticket and going to that certain place okay as the best as i can describe it that
tree is like a place where you know like before you go to another portal or another door it's like
that's a door that's a place where you know you get to see and it's interesting about the druids
because they love studying about the trees they're fond of those trees yeah and so um like one of um
this um friend a friend of mine who's now a christian and
you know, really passionate for Jesus Christ. She said that she always saw that tree also,
like a different level of that and that's why she said it's like a portal going to a different
place, a different realm. It's like a place where you're kind of like a nothingness. It's
like a nothingness generally. It's like a place like an airport where you land first before you
go to some certain, you know, they are also organized in Rome. They're more organized than
us, you know, because, you know, it's just how things work. It's just beyond me. That's how I
can say that time. And I was just a, I just, everyone thought I'm a normal college student.
Were you astral projecting and having any of these creepy visions before you did this,
that chant that your friend gave to you? Yeah, that's where it started.
So before then you didn't have those, you just had the experience of you when you were five
seeing heaven. Yeah. It's just like some random event that I will just get to see and experience,
but I think it became so, so deep in me because Jennifer, I wanted also to,
for everyone to know this, the generational bloodline of what I have,
the generational curse is real. It's in the Bible. It's happened from first generation to
fourth generation that it's never been caught and never been freed by the blood of Jesus Christ.
And having not come to the relationship of Jesus Christ, this will go on. And like what I said,
I grew up as a pagan. So, you know, so it means that as soon as I opened the chant,
I already have that deep level of ancestral connection about all these things. That's how
I can think why this became so deep when I opened that portal because of the ancestral rights and
the legal rights of the enemy, you know, from the generation before my forefathers to us.
Yeah. Our generation. Yeah. And I'm glad you mentioned that because a lot of people don't
understand that generational curses are real and that the reason why we do experience some things
that we do is because of the generational curses that say our parents or our grandparents or great
grandparents or a great, great. So could you just explain a little bit about generational curses?
So our audience is aware that this is real. So the generational curses it's been mentioned in
the Bible, it's actually in the Old Testament, right? That the first generation to the fourth
generation, if, you know, you've been practicing, worshipping, you know, the idolatry, different
gods. So the curses or the wrath, it will be from first to fourth generation. And it's a make or
break. That's why, okay, I'm going to explain this in the Bible from Abraham to Isaac to Jacob.
You see, there is a, it's not really a deep, because they worship God, they are really faithful
to that. But the sin, okay, let's just say it's that sin. Okay. So from Abraham, you know, that
sin passes through Isaac into Jacob, you know, like Abraham lied, Isaac lied. And then Jacob became
worse, you know, you see how it got deeper. So he betrayed. And the fourth generation, which is
Joseph, like isn't really in a bad, bad place, because for him, you know, for that to happen,
you know, yeah, so that's why, you know, it's been, you know, in slavery and abandonment, like
so much things happened to him, but he never did anything. But, you know, God break the curse,
and that generational curse, through the time of Joseph, when you know, yeah, there are five tests,
Jennifer, there are five tests in the life of a child of God, the test of time, the test of faith,
the test of purity, the test of forgiveness, and the test of love. And with what happened to Joseph
is the test of purity, and he passed that, you know, it's amazing, you know, so that's just,
it's not really, you know, a curse we're talking about here. It is just a sin. I mean, not just,
sorry, because sin is a really big thing. I mean, it's serious. I don't want them to take it lightly.
So yeah, I don't want it to be misunderstood. But what I mean is, they didn't do idolatry, but
they sin, and that's what happened. It passes, you know, and if it was being cut off from the
first to the next following generation, it will be a blessing, you know, like it's a blessing, you
know, that's also what the Bible mentioned, remember? Yeah, so that's why, you know, in the
Davidic timeline, in Solomonic timeline, with David, there's lots of fights, you go into a lot of
fights, you know, and then by the time he didn't pass to Solomon, you know, it's like a time of
peace in the kingdom, because the word is obedience. I think that is the best word is that
obedience and, you know, our full devotion to the one true God, which is Jesus Christ. And with
my ancestral, like what I said, the Christian generation that we have, I mean, a lot of stuff.
I mean, in our town, there's this, you can search it also on YouTube, like someone's dancing on the
fire. I mean, you know, like those are, you know, like they summon demons to do that. And when I was
young, I couldn't forget this one where I saw this woman, he counted something, and immediately that
possessed lady, the spirit transferred to the animal. And of course, they need to kill the
animal immediately. So as soon as they kill the animal immediately, something come out from it.
I was just like, what is that? I just saw it. I was just so scary. I was so scared at that time,
like, oh, wow, this is real. So by the time I was young, I already know that they're existing.
And the evil exists, you know, even they want to make us look that they're just a figure of
imagination, but not where I grew up. That's why when I believe in God, I know that I know that
he's real. Because if the darkness is real, light is much, much real. So tell us about the time when
the portal was opened. And you were taken into a portal. I was really actually looking for my friend
like I wanted to understand what's going on. What did you give me? But guess what? She transferred
from a different university. I was like, she's not there. You know, I'm like, oh, wow. Like,
like, she just fulfilled whatever she needs to fulfill, you know. And so there's this one,
there's this story. But this doesn't happen when I was in college. Somehow, I was graduated already,
you know, like, I was actually like, started to know God. And I think the enemy is trying to
prevent me to really give my loyalty to God's kingdom. So I always see some door, something
like that. This is a door, Jennifer. And then it looks like a very ancient door. It's like an
ancient door with it's hard to, it's like, it's like, it's like it's been there for so long. It's
like it's exist. It's like ancient, ancient. I think that's the best way I can describe it.
And so I was taken into this place where it, it is, it is in my human perception for our
listener to kind of really imagine this. It looks like a warehouse, but it's a realm. Okay, when
it's like a warehouse, it looks like that. And then this woman, this little girl, she's little
girl. Like what I said before, I often see them visiting, or I often see them, you know, talking
like that, or, you know, showing things in the realm. But this one is different because the evil
presence of that girl, she's not a girl, she's not an ordinary girl. She is full of, you know, like,
she learned so many cunning ways. That's how I can describe it. She's full of craftiness. I don't
say wisdom, like crafty, like she's just pure evil. Like there's nothing good in her. Because
when I look at her, she looked like she, she, she dressed up like an ancient little girl. Like
she came from a past, from the past, past, past, like that kind of clothes is way back from the
past. And then she, she's laughing. And I don't want to hear her laugh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, at that
time, I was really, you know, just hearing her laugh is just, it's like, it's like, dragging
you to hell. That's how I can describe that kind of laugh. It's like that. And so she's, she just,
don't speak to me, but she just, just grabbed, like, just grabbed me and just, we go to this
place. And as we were, you know, it's like this, it's like this, how can I, so I was sitting at
that time, I was sitting, before we go to that part, I was sitting and then suddenly, I just saw
her in front of me. And she just run, run, run forward. Like, she just run there. She just trying
to show me something. So I just looking at her, I was just looking at her. And then I now realized
she dragged me and I was next to her. I was like, whoa, like, I was just seeing her running there.
And now, you know, I was next to her. It's so, it's so scary that time getting first, so scared
by the blood of Jesus. Lord, by the blood of Jesus Christ, Lord, I'm not saying this to entertain
fear or to, you know, promote fear in the hearts of the listener. I was trying to, by the grace of
God, to just expose, you know, the experience that is being kept in me for so long. And, you know,
I always feel discouraged to always speak about this because of the fear of retaliation.
But this is the, the word that God gave me is 1 John 4, for greater is he that's living in me,
that he that is in the world. And also Isaiah 54, verse 17, no weapon forms against me,
shall prosper. I just need to say that, Jennifer, because the atmosphere I just sensed is something.
So I need to continue by the blood of the lamb in the name of Jesus Christ. So while I was next to
her, she said, look, she said to me, look, look, she's like a child, like playful, playful, evil
child. That's how I can describe her. And, you know, Jennifer, she's not a child because
she can shapeshift herself. I will just tell that later. So for now, she's a child. That's what she
looks like. And then she told me, look, look like that. So I look, and I saw this man.
She is doing her regular, you know, regular day of eating her, his meal, of eating his meal.
And then she's like, laughing, like, hey, you know, like that, we put something in his food,
and you don't know it like that is like, like the playful, evil thing that I know, like,
this. And then he said, look what she's going to put in his mouth in the normal, regular day,
it looks like he's just eating, you know, like a normal burger, and a normal meat. But she said,
watch, as soon as the guy put it in, in his mouth, it became a raw, rotten. I don't know why
it's hard to describe. It's very nasty, very nasty. It's like, it's like, this is how I can
describe it as best as I can. It's like a meat that's been stuck for six months, you know, and
it's, it looks, it doesn't look like a meat anymore. It looks so dark, and so gross, just
nasty. And he's putting it in his mouth. And then as soon as this, this man eating it like a normal
food, she laughed and laughed and laughed. And her laugh echoed from that room of that warehouse to
all the four corners of that warehouse. That's why I said I could not, I do not want to hear that
anymore. Because he's like, he's just like laughing, like, so evil. And then she said
that man didn't realize in just a moment, what people in in his food is about to kill him,
you know, it's like, he's, he's gonna die. And when he said that, it's like, he's like saying,
like a play, you know, like a child play. He's gonna die like that. That's what he said.
I was like, I couldn't even talk to him. I, you know, you know, this is how scary that girl is.
I couldn't even look at her. Because the evil presence is so strong. I couldn't even look at
her. It's like them, when they see an on fire Christian, when they see a spirit filled believer,
you are so bright, they couldn't even wanted to even look at you. That's why if we are lukewarm,
that's where they get the entry, you know, to really do some damage. But, you know, when you
are a spirit filled believer, you're full of light. That's how you could that was in that realm.
That's how dark she is. I couldn't look at her. Because it feels like if I look at her, I'm going
to die. That's how evil you know, that's how the gravity of the evil presence that's in her and
the man keeps eating. And I was, I wanted to stop him doing it. I'm like, No, don't eat that. But I
just couldn't because I feel like if I do something to him, this this girl next to me might, you know,
do something harm to me. So it's bad. So I was just like, dumbfounded. But then, suddenly,
he ran, she ran away again. She ran away. And she's just and every time she ran away,
I'm going to be dragged to where she's going. So I saw her she ran, she ran again. And then suddenly,
boom, we were in this place. And then she's mocking me. Because maybe she knows that
somehow when I was a child, like I accepted Jesus. Somehow when I was a child, I know God.
And so she's trying to put an illusion in me that I am in paradise. Okay, so before I started there,
I heard a lot of near death experience. I was listening to those near death experience in
YouTube.
Because somehow, when you have this kind of experience, I'm still on the point where I'm still studying, Jennifer, I'm still learning and doing a lot of research about what I experienced.
So I'm listening and trying to ask the Holy Spirit and ask God if this near-death experience is from Him.
There are many ridiculous near-death experiences that I'm hearing a lot.
That, okay, okay, go on, that kind of experience is not a real heaven, it is an illusion.
And I think that kind of entity, because she has that full power, she can manifest a place where it is a very illusion place.
Because as soon as she ran, she brought me in this place that looked like a paradise.
She wanted me to believe that I am in heaven.
So we got out of that warehouse and there's that paradise.
Jennifer, it's so beautiful.
There's flowers, the grass is so green, like very green.
And there's also little children like her, they're playing and they're having fun of their life.
And then she said, go on.
She said to me, go, go there, walk.
But something is odd about this place.
Something is odd.
Heaven can only be heaven if the presence of God is there.
And that's where you know that it is heaven.
But for someone who never encountered God, who never had a relationship with Jesus Christ, and you never know the word of God, never have prayer in your life,
you have no idea that deception is so high that you will have no idea that it is not heaven, but it is an illusion paradise.
That's what, you know, because me, I think when she's trying to tell me to go on, she wanted me to trap in this place.
She wanted me to trap in there.
And if I embrace the thing that, okay, I am in heaven, I'm doomed.
She was going to trap me in there because I put my faith in the belief that that place is a paradise.
But because this is how I kind of really try to really analyze this, how this evil girl will give me a paradise?
I mean, how will she able to bring me there?
She is no angel, you know?
And even though I have a little knowledge about the Bible when I was young, God sealed me.
When I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior, I think that's what really kept me from discerning that it is a false paradise.
There's also light in that place, Jennifer.
This is like a paradise where there is light, but the light there is different.
It's not compared to the light of God.
It's different.
I don't know how she produced light, but if I see it, it's so dim.
It's not like light, like it's just dim.
I don't know where she come up with that, but the place looks like afternoon.
Afternoon in the paradise is what it looks like.
It looks so gloomy.
And the more I look at the place, suddenly, while she keeps on convincing me to go in there, a place where they sit like a bench.
It looks like a bench or something like that.
It looks like a beautiful park, paradise field, flowers, everything.
But it's an illusion because as soon as you look at it intently, Jennifer, the longer you look at it, you see some odd in that place.
There is a shade of darkness.
I'm like, if this is real paradise, there should not be any like this.
Yeah, so I run.
As soon as I had the chance, I ran.
I ran.
I ran and I ran.
And I'm like, God help me.
I'm trying to say it in my mind.
I couldn't escape.
I'm trying to run.
And then I go back to the warehouse again.
And then when I ran, I go back to that paradise again.
But I really don't go inside.
That's the thing.
Because I know if I go in, she will trap me.
I think that's what she's after.
And so she said to me, OK, you call your God because that's where I don't know.
I think she heard my thought because I said, Jesus Christ, help me.
I'm just screaming.
God, God, let me out.
But while I'm screaming, my mouth is not moving.
It's like my thought is screaming.
It's like, let me out, Jesus Christ, let me out.
That's why I keep on saying I'm like screaming, wailing inside my thoughts.
And then she got mad at me and she said, OK, OK, that's not nice, she said to me.
That's not nice.
Why are you calling your God?
I don't want to.
She's like a child.
I don't want this game anymore.
I don't want this game.
That's not cool like that.
Why are you calling your God like that?
And then suddenly there's a hole that's been opened to me.
It's like in that room, there's like a hole that's been opened.
It's like there's that light.
It's like a very like the light getting that hole.
So I burst in light and then suddenly it gets bigger and bigger and bigger.
The light gets bigger.
And I was stuck in that light.
And I was hearing her and she said to me, I'm not done with you.
I'm going to find you.
I'm going to kill you.
Like that.
Like, like, like, like the very, very bones of, you know, of this little evil girl.
She hates me to the core.
That's how I can describe how she hates me so much, you know.
And then she's like, you're getting away like that.
So she's she's just like, you know, like a child that lose a toy.
Like it's just like having tantrums like that.
When you have this kind of experience in the room, Jennifer, sometimes you feel like you're in a trance or sometimes you're in in a normal situation, environment, like you're in the classroom or you're in the house, but you couldn't function.
You couldn't function, because the memory of the trauma that's inflicted in you is so, so deep that sometimes I even lose myself to eat.
Or even I don't know the past, the time just passed and I just not being productive.
I just feel so depressed.
Depression is another spirit that's operating in the world, you know.
And if you notice, it's getting, you know, really bigger and bigger and bigger.
And so it's not something because you're sad or something, but sometimes, you know, this is influence of them.
I was so depressed and sometimes, you know, they said to me, this one, she's a familiar spirit.
She looks like my sister.
So she come to me like very nice and very, you know, like, like she said to me, you know, you can you can come here now.
It is safe here because the world where you live in is the same as the world that where we are.
It's just an illusion. Everything is an illusion.
It doesn't matter where you are. It doesn't matter. OK, just come here.
You know, so you have no problem.
You know, you have no struggle. You just live with us in peace.
Like actually, they don't use the word peace, but it's like you can live with us because this is real.
I think that's what they are using it like.
This is more real. And, you know, somehow I that's why I'm telling you, I feel like I'm going to lose my mind.
Once you experience to see another realm, another world, when you come back to Earth, when you come back to your normal life,
it feels like you had no you don't know what is the reality anymore.
You don't know if this is the illusion or that world is the illusion.
You cannot identify what is real.
That's the high, so high the deception is.
You cannot identify what is really real.
So, yeah, so it's the grace of God kept me from that.
So, you know, let's go back to the false paradises and the NDE experiences that a lot of people are having,
because I personally believe that they're having these experiences.
But on the other hand, like what you were saying, it's not genuinely paradise is not genuinely heaven,
but it is a false reality created by Satan in order like what you were and how the little girl was trying to trap you.
Go in, go in. Beautiful. The grass is green. And then you knew that if you were to go further, you would be trapped.
Mm hmm. Yes. Have you noticed that a lot of these NDEs have been void of Jesus and God?
Exactly. Mm hmm. Exactly.
That's a very highlight of everything.
If the near death experience, you just go there.
Like what I said, illegal, illegal is like.
Because because this, Jennifer, actually in the Bible, in Corinthians, Paul mentioned this.
OK, whether in the body, you know, he's not sure he's talking to the third person, but he's referring to himself.
Remember, so going to heaven or go or God give you a pass, you know, going to hell is like it should be legal.
It has that God's permission.
When I'm going to share later the angel visitation, why I said, you know, if it's God's permission is so different.
It's very different because when it is God's permission.
You you are going to be escorted by angel, but the highlights of the purpose of why they're doing it is because of Jesus Christ.
When it is about something feels good, the feel good thing, something comfortable, something about yourself.
You need to relax to be calm in this place.
You have no worries. Everything is fine.
You know. That is satanic.
That is really a trap because something that makes you feel about you.
That's already a very concerning sign that it is not a genuine experience that's from God.
There's a sign that is a false paradise that they're going to take you in the false paradise, especially if some random, you know, like what I said, this family, you know, like, oh, my sister or this random stranger is going to escort you in that place.
You know, and some random gods, you know, that say, hey, I'm this God glowing like that.
But, you know, it's because, you know, Jennifer, if I if God didn't plant a seed in my heart, I will really believe it.
I was 12 years old. God already gave that, you know, that repentance.
I was just backslide. But in my backslide state, that's another thing I want to say.
When you are in a backslidden state.
That's where the enemy really they really want to kill you.
They really just want, you know, so that you cannot come back.
You know, you cannot go back to God.
And that's what they are trying to do to me all these years is to really, you know, drag me to kill me, you know, because I already know Jesus and they just don't want me to fully, you know, have a relationship with Jesus.
You know, that's I think that's why the portal, you know, is because I allow them.
And, you know, that's I repented to God because of that.
And so let's go back to what you said about that near-death experience, because this is how Satan works.
When it looks like the miracle or the near-death experience is like entertaining thing, just a pure entertainment.
That's not God, because when it is God's visitation, sometimes actually you don't want to see what God is going to show you.
But you somehow understand there's a truth in it.
And even though it's somehow, you know, something that is a warning, you feel the correction of love of God.
So when it is the near-death experience, you're always, always leading to Jesus Christ.
John 46, I am the way, the truth and the life.
And no one comes through the Father except through me.
There is only one specific address going to heaven.
There's only one specific address going to heaven.
And it is that address.
The name of the address is Jesus Christ.
Because if you have no legal entry to the spirit world and Jesus is not allowed it like what he did to Paul in his experience or to John in Patmos.
So you are in a very, very dangerous place.
Because this is what also I learned in the realm.
You know, Jennifer, not all people in the mental institution was just physically broken.
Actually, some of their soul, this is deep.
Some of their soul trapped somewhere in the other realm where they couldn't come back.
Because why I say this, because I saw, like, remember I said to you, I grew up in a pagan background.
I saw my playmates.
He always talks about this woman who's, you know, coming to him at night.
And he said, this woman is no ordinary. She's so beautiful. Like, very beautiful.
This one is deep. So, somehow, every time, every night, he's going to the river.
He's going to talk to that woman for hours and hours in that river.
No one's seeing that woman.
So, the parents thought, okay, maybe he's getting crazy. We go to the mental hospital.
They brought him to the mental hospital. Well, the doctor there said, he's perfectly normal.
He's perfectly fine. Nothing's wrong. Maybe he's just tired like that.
But, you know, it progressed until such point.
You know, that's another thing to look out when this is something to do with the spirit.
The doctor couldn't find anything wrong about you. That's another thing.
Because I always see this. I always see this in my mission or ministry, you know, in Philippines.
That the doctor couldn't find something.
So, now, that man, he just said, this is the last time we remember he said, he's going to get married to that woman.
After that, he is somewhere now where he's talking to someone constantly and looking at.
And then, you know, he has a certain place where he's just so happy. He's very, very happy.
Now, he's in our world. Like, he's functioning his physical body here, but he's not here.
His mind is someplace else.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, and this is the doctor telling, he's perfectly normal before.
But now, seeing him, he's not. And he's like digging, digging, digging.
He just digs something from the forest.
Something. It's like something ridiculous that this woman is trying to manipulate this man.
And, yep, until his subconscious is not there.
So, like what I said, that's very dangerous.
Because you may come back, but you are somewhere out in the realm where your body is here, but your soul is trapped.
Back to the NDEs, the near death.
And then we'll move on a little bit now.
So, are you saying that if someone sees their relatives, say a child that passed away or your mother or your grandmother or your husband that passed away,
if you're dying and you see that, that's not God.
But if you see angels or Jesus, then you know that's from the Lord.
And also, I really wanted to encourage everyone to really get into the word of God, to pray, you know, worship, do this spiritual discipline.
Because even though sometimes they said they are angel, you know.
Okay, so maybe I need to tell you this, Jennifer.
So, did you know some demons are naked?
Like they are naked. I don't know why they are naked.
Anyway, so this one, he said, I am Jesus, like that, you know.
And I'm like, no, you're not Jesus.
This is like, you know, but that's another thing.
Sometimes the level of your spiritual assignment is the level of the devil's spiritual assignment that they're going to give to you.
Like before, it's like a little demon and then now it's like this deception of fake Jesus.
Okay, it's also all over the world now, this fake Jesus going on.
Okay, I just wanted everyone to be aware of that.
So, I think it started this year.
It's more kind of really going to be obvious this year.
It's actually, if you kind of really go to Bible, because we need to be biblical.
It's in Revelation.
I remember the four horsemen, you know.
And there's this white, the one that's running, who says, you know, his piece, you know.
And three and a half years, you know, there's false peace that's going to reign, you know.
So, he said, I'm Jesus.
I said, no, you're not Jesus.
So, when I started to do this, by the blood of the Lamb of my Lord Jesus Christ, my Savior, my Protector, like that.
Suddenly, he shifted.
He suddenly changed.
Like, he looks like a djinn.
You know, a djinn?
A djinn? What do you mean by djinn?
Like a genie.
Like, he looks like a genie.
Yeah, but he's three feet.
He's three feet.
He has a very bulgy tummy and he's naked.
And then his eyes, when he opened, is pure black.
And he's very comical.
Like, he's kind of really, you know, doing something crazy.
And I'm like, also, I was so mad at him, you know.
I'm like, so, this is where I'm after my prayer, you know.
Because sometimes they attack you after you pray.
So, this is prayer fasting, I think.
Yeah, I remember when Jesus, you know, being tempted.
So, when I was about to grab him, you know, I was so mad at him.
I was about to grab him and he's suddenly gone.
You know, he's afraid of the blood of Jesus Christ.
Like what you said, Jennifer.
We need to pay attention to, also, you know that you know that Jesus.
There is no doubt when it is Jesus.
It is 100% you know it's Jesus.
Because he's the only one who can bring that presence, the very pure presence of love.
That kind of pure kind of love.
If you encounter that purity of that love, the highest form of peace.
The highest form of peace is like something is like going around you.
And they say, you know, like the world is going to end.
You do not care.
You just know that you're being held.
That peace beyond human understanding.
That joy.
That is the presence of Jesus Christ.
If somehow, someone, you know, your relatives or whoever going to drag you in their place.
And you had this doubt.
You know, you have this, you know, like fear, you know.
You need to really pray.
Because, you know, that's really something very concerning and dangerous.
Yeah.
Even the angel.
Sometimes, you know, there was this like time that, you know, when the angel visited you.
When it comes from the Lord.
They also bring that kind of presence.
Even though they look like a very serious type of angel.
Because some angels really look like, okay, yeah.
Like something you cannot mess up with.
But, you know, it is the angel of God.
Because they also had carried that light, that presence of God.
But some angel that, you know, say angel like that.
Sometimes you're kind of really, they're not.
Because sometimes they're just vile.
You know.
And you will really know it.
Because they couldn't really kept the goodness.
They just couldn't do it.
They can act for a while.
But they just going to blow their, you know, whatever they made up.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
I'm encouraged for everyone not to be deceived, you know.
To really come to Jesus Christ.
And to really read your Bible.
Once again, really get into the word.
And the Holy Spirit, you know.
Ask the Holy Spirit, you know.
To really understand what the word of God is.
Those are basic.
But Jennifer, those are really something, you know.
That will going to lead us to not be deceived.
Because nowadays, this is actually what's going on.
Is there's a very, very fine line of truth.
You know.
The deception nowadays is like a strand of hair.
That's how dangerous we are living in right now.
And they're working in any system in the world.
Especially in the rich country.
In the regional system.
In government.
In everywhere, you know.
They're just that influence.
And you know why it's happening?
Because America in the history was once a Biblical grounded society and nation.
They loved the word of God.
And then suddenly America turned into embracing the Eastern religion.
Embracing all kinds of, you know, belief.
And in the Bible, when Israel commit idolatry.
By turning away, setting up altars.
This God or this entity, fallen angels and many things.
They're being summoned.
And nowadays, you know, everyone's starting to always build an altar.
If you notice that.
Building on altars.
Is summoning them.
You know.
And, you know, like going to new age movement.
You know, about the universe and everything.
So that is really summoning them to come back.
And that is people telling that.
They are refusing God.
And they're refusing Jesus Christ.
And if you notice the faith.
Of the grateful always getting weaker and weaker in Christianity.
Because we embrace again that different, you know, belief.
And it's very sad.
And that's why I'm encouraging everyone, you know.
Jesus Christ is the only specific address to heaven.
In first Corinthians chapter 13.
No matter how you discover the mysteries.
You can speak the language of angels.
You will know the deep knowledge of this world.
But if you do not have that love.
We gain nothing.
No matter how many amazing NDE we have.
If we don't have that Jesus Christ.
The pure.
Highest form of love.
In this world.
We gain nothing.
That's what I can encourage everyone.
Sandy Lynn.
So you gave your life to Jesus when you were 12 years old.
But yet you had these demonic encounters.
And there are some Christians who believe that once you become born
again.
These things can't happen to you.
But why do you believe this happened to you?
You giving your life to Jesus.
Even when you were 12 years old.
Yes.
Like what I said, Jennifer.
I gave my life to Jesus Christ.
When I was 12.
I thought I accept him as my Lord and savior.
But I only accept him as my savior.
And not my Lord.
Because for him to be the Lord of your life.
Jesus said.
If you love me.
You obey my command.
And that's where I don't have that in me.
I am a Christian.
Yes.
I am still the master of myself.
I'm still running my own show.
And doing my own way.
And becoming.
Not only lukewarm.
But playing God.
And think that God will always understand.
Another thing I want to also.
Give importance is.
Since I was 12.
I really don't have the deep root.
And that's very important.
That biblical truth.
That foundation of the word.
That is the foundation of the word.
Jesus Christ is the word.
And for us to grow.
In our faith.
We need to really.
Always have the word.
The promises that we can.
We can really keep in our hearts.
And the word as the sword of the spirit.
It is our weapon.
In our daily life.
This earth is a constant battle.
And I know.
During the time.
They got tired of fighting.
Sometimes in our life.
Jennifer.
What I experienced.
I just got tired of fighting.
I just got tired of believing.
That God is real.
And God will do something about my life.
I just keep on doing my own way.
And back when I was college.
I just don't think.
Jesus, you're not so cool.
For my season now.
I just try to keep you.
For now.
And just looking back at that.
I just really feel.
Jesus, if I only really take seriously.
Of my faith.
I hold on to my faith.
I can do more for your kingdom.
But it's never been too late.
And I just want to say.
To you.
As soon as you come back to him.
And repent.
Like what I said.
I came from a pagan background.
Grace is very unfamiliar to us.
For us to be validated.
There is always a sacrifice.
Being a Christian is amazing.
Because God did all the sacrifice.
2000 years ago on the cross.
He gave me that submission.
Surrender.
And obedience to his will.
Now I am a beautiful masterpiece of God.
And my journey is not yet.
Really there.
But God teaching me.
How to walk in.
Really accepting him now.
As my Lord and Savior.
So Sandy Lynn.
Take us to the time when you were escorted.
To heaven.
What did you see?
You saw weapons.
But these weapons were not metaphorical.
Yes.
I am very excited.
Because this one.
Just happened last year.
Every year.
I am doing.
Yielding to God.
And to the Holy Spirit.
Is a key.
To really understand.
God.
In the book of Isaiah.
Jeremiah chapter 3.
It says, call unto me.
I will answer you.
And tell you great things.
That you do not know.
I hold on to that.
If I keep on coming to God.
God will show me.
That year.
I am expecting something wonderful.
God what is this year for us?
That is my question.
This is not an ordinary dream.
This is something special.
I thought.
I will keep this a secret.
Sometimes Jennifer.
Sometimes God said.
Do not say this.
This is yours.
to keep and let the time pass until it you know you see it will you know come true but this one is
okay you need to tell this because this is not only for you but uh for the forerunners of faith
and then god emphasized to me first Corinthians chapter 9 verse 24 to 26 if I remember it right
about the forerunners so I'm going to emphasize this story about the race so
in my dream um Jennifer um I saw this angel I actually getting familiar with them because
every time every year if God is going to do something on that year or I need to pray to
a certain place a certain people or church God is going to show it to me or I will have a very
special angel visitation like what I said it is something that not your entertainment is something
that always work with advancing of God's kingdom and his purpose you know glory to Jesus Christ
so um they said uh I'm here like that as soon as they said that I was transported and I saw this
four angels I didn't forget them they have no wings by the way but they look so pure
kind and meek but there's something that the authority I think that's that's the word I
can the authority that they have you know is like that kind of angel you do not want to mess up in
that place I feel like a child like a very excited child because this is the way that they said to me
um you are in the training that's what the word they said to me I mean how many training you know
because they I think this is the third or the fourth time I heard they always say that and
you're in the training like that so I said okay I'm in the training and as I look I
pay attention to the angel but now I was just mesmerized with where I am you know I was like
I was like you know like inside me I'm like like I'm jumping for joy I was just so excited I know
what is this and I saw the room I saw different swords and that any single one of them is the same
they are so unique design in many ways and there's one thing um I want you to know about certain
things there in the the room or in heaven as a general like here on earth when we use a spoon
or you know any non-living things they are non-living they're really not breathing or anything
but in in heaven you know like when I was I remember when I was a child like saw that vision
you know like everything there is alive it's like it's like the tree the flowers it's like
everything is alive and all my years of being a missionary and all my years of walking with
Jesus Christ I always encounter Ephesians 6 about the armor of God so I thought that the sword of
the spirit is a metaphor you know because it's something that that you learn like you know belt
of truth you know of course to protect you from truth so you will have confidence and gospel of
shoes you know helmet salvation breastplate of freshness the shield of faith and the sword of
the spirit so the sword of the spirit I thought this is all metaphors everything there's a
metaphors like that but the angel explained to me that all the children of God all the child of God
they really have a very special sword designed for them I was so amazed because I was like
I never knew God I never knew this is real that something that you really have it in
spiritual battle like I was wow and so when I saw them they're not like in the shelves or
just like hanging on the shelves it's not that they're like alive they are so bright and they're
like floating it's like like the room is like it's like it's like they are they are alive how can I
explain that like they're they're at joy there's joy in that sword it's like you kind of see they
have a personality it's just amazing how I can describe it but you know when you have that you
know experience you know be taken there it's such a privilege because you have that inner
knowing you have that inner knowing to describe it because I think is God allowed that inner
knowing for you so that you can send the message to describe what it looks really what that you
see you know to be a witness what it really looks like so I saw this sword and I was so excited and
then the angel said today we are going to give you a new sword and my joy got so double and I was
like like like you know like in my human you know in my human joy I was jumping for joy but but I'm
not acting that way there because like what I said I tried to be proper you know facing this angel
but inside me I'm like yes like that but then this is what he said
but you need to pass the test I was like oh I'm like oh okay so then um they said to me um
what's in your hand and you know what I never knew I never knew I'd be I've been holding that
for so long I never knew I have that sword all all along so when the angel asked me what's in
your hand I suddenly I just saw I'm holding a sword but this sword that I have it is so small
it's like this it's like most almost like a dagger actually this is so small and and it has that chip
you know like it's crook it's crooked it's not really you know nice sword anymore you see that
it's been to so much battle it's gone to so much battle that what it looks very worn out and so
they said in exchange for that you will have a new sword but you need to pass the test they um
this angel repeated that to me so I'm like um I don't know if I say okay or what I responded
but because everything is so fast Jennifer um and then they asked me to sit down and then
they gave me this it looked like a diamond crystal it's it's pure clear you know crystal
and they put it somewhere in me and now I understand that being an intercessor is the knee
in the body of Christ because like you know I don't know that's a spiritual symbol because
that's where they put that thing inside my knee but it's not uh operation that's painful it's
just something that they just like they just like open it and just put it in there but it's so so
neat and it's very they're very meticulous I think like the best you know surgeon it's like you never
feel any pain any single pain so they just put it there and then I was reminded that being an
intercessor that's the knee you know the body of Christ because Jesus is the head and so they said
we are putting this so in times you need help in this test we can come to the rescue as fast
you know as you know we can something like that and so as soon as they said that to me
I didn't even process anything that's going on I was like uh some like you know yeah just a newbie
like a newbie in this something like that so so I was like okay so what is this test that they're
thinking I never even had a chance to even ask because in the blink of an eye we were in a place
where there's these two roads two roads this is not in heaven so these two roads and then in that
two roads suddenly the shadow and smoke turn into two humanoids one is man one is woman I can say
definitely they are demons but they are in human shape and so they're they're looking at each other
like a very you know like very fierce and like smiling evil at each other it's like telling
each other like you know we're gonna make this this something like that you know like they're
planning something bad something like that so the angel said you are going to run a race with these
two creatures and when you run a race you need to win or else they will get your reward that's how
the angel said I was like oh I was even I even never had a chance to ask what is the reward
and the race it just started you know here at least here on earth they count one two three
you know there's nothing like that there it's a very different kind of race in that that place
so as soon as the angel said that you need to win so they will not get your reward as soon as he said
that I became a light I just saw I'm a light and in that place when we run we don't use feet it's
like we're a light and these two are like shadow shifting shadow something like that and so I can
say I'm so fast because and I can say I'm a light because again for my vision while I'm running is
zooming in zooming out zooming in zooming out like it's so fast it's like an I'm a wind that
is like carrying light something like that and that road feels like I don't know it's so long
because there is no um there's no time in that realm there is no um element of time so I cannot
say it takes seven days or one hour I cannot say that but what I say is we ran and ran and ran and
we never use our feet but I was that light and zooming in zooming out zooming in zooming out
in that place and then what's amazing about that is by the grace of Jesus Christ I won
I didn't even realize I won I didn't even just I just realized that I won because
we come back to the very place where we were which is the two crossroads and the angel next
to me said you won and then I saw it's like interesting huh like is that you won you get
the reward after the angel said that I saw the reward in my hand it's like every time they speak
that's where it manifests it's something like that it's like huh interesting so when as soon
as the angel said that I saw this a jug it's like it looked like a jug it's like a a potter
it looks like a pot it's like a potter looking like jug and I'm holding it and it's like it has
an oil inside that's how I can describe it it's like beautiful you know something inside I can't
even tell what's inside even though I know it's a jug because in our world when you say you have
a jug you kind of really guess what's inside right but there's an inner knowing that I know
it's some kind of oil that I'm holding so while I'm holding this this is my reaction this is where
why I'm feeling this I feel the heaviness as soon as I hold that oil I bend my knee I knelt down
and I surrendered to the angel I gave the oil to the angel and I had just that inner knowing
that when I won this race and I had that reward there's a bigger battle that I'm that is about
for me to face because why are they going to give me sword like a new sword it means it is a new
heights a new level of battle and I feel like god I don't know if I'm ready for this but let
sure will be that but this just you know what's in my mind so as soon as I knelt down when I
opened my eyes I'm in the artillery room again and then you know that place really gives you that
relief like suddenly like I was I feel heavy and sad like you know like what will happen to me this
is another level like that but when I um when I come back to the artillery I feel like you know
like uh regenerated I feel that that excitement again the joy it comes back and then and then I
was so excited and they say now you will have your new sword and you know it's like a gift like
uh a hundred times better than Christmas opening gift that's that's how I can describe it's like
I'm so excited and there's this as soon as the angel said that the four swords is like they
came to me they're like you know soaring like floating so they came to me and stand in front
of me they're so bright and they're so you know like what I said like they're moving they have
personality you know it's like it's like they're kind of telling me like hey take me take me
something like that so there's that two four swords that um you know like in front of me
and um I thank God for letting me um kept the memory like um God retained the memory of what
they look like so um may the Holy Spirit um help me to describe the detail of it so the first sword
that I saw Jennifer um it it looks like uh the color is like ivory it's like milk but I'm not
sure what kind of material is that but this is like an ivory sword like that it's just white
milky looking bright sword and it's is in the handle it's like made of pure
gold and has that you know like that gold that's kind of really arranged neatly you know that's
kind of really um you know twist nicely you know that that's that's the first sword it's so
beautiful it's just beautiful and then the other one it looks like green emerald that's how I can
describe it it's like green emerald and it has that inscription it's like a language but this
one I really don't understand what's that it's like that language I don't know because it's like
a symbol it's just a symbol it's like a different language and and um um it's also look beautiful
and the way when I say beautiful it's like different level of beauty like this one looks
like you know like um elegant like like like refined something like that you know and and
this one this green emerald it looks like um like a deep ocean it's like it's like um
it's just captivating it's like shimmery you know it's like when the ocean is shining when
it's being heated by a sun something like that it's just beautiful you know and then the third one
this one is like really really get my attention because that one is pure crystal glass it looks
like diamond I'm not sure if it's like it's like pure crystal glass diamond like like the purity
of that you can really see you know the see-through because it's so clear it's so beautiful
and it has embedded different jewels different gems different stones and and the stone really
really complement what that diamond sword look like it's so beautiful I'm like wow you're so
beautiful I'm like you know like I'm talking to the sword it's you know it sounds crazy but I'm
talking to this swords like that that's how I can describe it and then the last one um this one it
looks um it's not really earthly material but it looks so okay so this is how I can describe it you
know when you see a mountain in the land the grass and the mountain like like that kind of
beauty you know when you see the field of land mountain grass that kind of beauty like we
appreciate that so that's what it looks like but it looks like um a material like a leather
like a leather in our earth but it weaves the weaving is the detail of how it weaves
it tells a story like it's not just you know randomly weaves just because it means like every
part of the weaves tells a story and it has a very specific symbol why like god never creates
something that doesn't have any purpose he is the god of detail he's just a god of detail he just
so detailed in this very very perfect like it's just amazing that's the beauty of this one
and so you know while they were standing and one thing I also noticed about them they are so bright
like like shiny shiny bright like you know like um it's just it's just hard to explain the
brightness where it's so bright but at the same time you can really look at it that kind of you
know you know that brightness isn't like it didn't hurt your eyes and you know one thing that um I
noticed about this sword when I go into differentiate it to the sword here on earth
the sword here on earth when you know it's a sword when you hold it you know it's a weapon
for killing it's a weapon to slash or to draw on you know aim you know like that but the sword
that I saw is alive so it doesn't look really for you for maybe because if you're a child of god
um it doesn't look scary or harmful it just looks so gentle it's like a friend this I can say it's
like a sword a friend something like like like like like a like a sword that you want in your
journey that you will never get bored of having because it's like something that you know that
so gentle the sword that is so gentle so joyful because they have different personality because
they look so joyful they look so you know like like pull up spark sort of bursting you know
goodness in them so that's the kind of sword that that these four four swords look like and so when
I about to choose it Jennifer when I was about to get it I woke up but but the angel they're so
gentle they they brought me gently in my body because I see a glimpse every time they they go
sometimes you know I had the chance to when I open my eyes I see a glimpse of light when they
you know so I see the glimpse when they put me back to my room and I woke up like I'm holding
something and I was like and I was like like like you know like I got it I'm just sorry to spoil
you though they didn't tell me what did I what did I choose that's I'm like even me it's like
they kept this as a mystery to me but what I can assure of is I have it because as soon as I wake
up I'm like a child I get up and I'm like you know like like I'm trying to yes I have it like
like you know that you know that you have it and then I was so excited and um I'm going to confess
this to you Jennifer when I read the Bible there are part in the Bible that I'm really not so
interested like the bloodline like the names you know but as soon as I get this there's that deep
deep hunger for the word of God that when I read the bloodline I'm like wow tell me about it I'm
doing a lot of research about you know um who who is um this person like that like the bloodline of
Jesus Christ like what I said in the Bachu chapter 1 like the 14th generation from Abraham to David
David to um captivity in Babylon and Babylon going to um Jesus generation and then you know I'm like
oh wow I never see this you know like how you know Jennifer now I realize that if God puts
something in there whether it looks boring you know for for someone like that names or blood like
God put in there for a purpose God really put in there for a purpose and and that opens me up
to so many things that I never see it before it's like a mystery so when I open the word of God
and that's why I understand okay so that's why it is the sword of the spirit it's something that
has going to have a purpose in me and now I'm sharing the message during Bible study
and the Holy Spirit you know it's like this person will tell me you know that's exactly pierced my
heart like that's exactly the word I need I'm like Holy Spirit like God this is you yeah that's what
they said to me this is God you know like you just just don't say it randomly it's like you
don't know what I'm going through but what you say that's exactly what I need and it's like
sometimes it became a healing that that word of God and sometimes you know it's just now I'm like
um God who am I going to minister today and God will just exactly give me the right word and I'm
like that's amazing I mean it's not just you know I just will take in there saying this
it also has a purpose in my daily life and with ministering to others now when and I see the
people it's different it's like God gave me a very glimpse of how he feels when I look at the
people I saw they are lost sick or dying I just always have that pain in me that I just go silently
or secretly somewhere and pray for that person I was just if I'm not going to pray for that person
or that church or whatever it's that community God will not making me sleep so I need to I kind of
see you know God really loves not not only Jennifer not only the child of God not only the Christian
he also loves the lost he's been searching for them and the Holy Spirit really is working hard
um in our generation because this is the grace period of God and there will come a time that it
will run out and so the passion and the compassion for the loss that's the happiness I feel right now
when I look at that person I feel like I want to embrace that person I just like feel like I just
want to pray for for that person and that kind of you know feeling you know that love so deep
I never experienced that before with my walk because like what I said I'm a missionary
I was a missionary for many years I've taken care of many you know children
this kind of love is different and now that this year that is the calling of God
and this is another thing Jennifer God said share this because this is not for you this is not for
you alone this is for all the um the children of God that they need to pick up their sword
again I'm going to emphasize that child of God you need to pick up your sword
because the world right now you know we need God needs you know I'm you know it's like a call to
arms Jennifer like it's a battle in first Corinthians chapter 9 verse you know 24 to 26 like
um you are the forerunner of faith you are the forerunner of God and you need to win this race
the Holy Spirit will enable you to win and this is where I'm going to end up this I know many of
us always hear this quote you are so heavenly minded that you have no earthly use have you
heard that but the calling right now that you're no earthly good right yeah yeah yeah yes that one
but the calling of God right now Jennifer is you have to be heavenly minded because right now
Christian became so earthly minded that they have no use you know for the heaven
kingdom of God or the purpose of God and that's just grieving God just grieve his heart that's
how I always feel seeing someone you know grieving God's heart that we can many Christian nowadays
especially with the prosperity gospel going on we focus so much in heaven earthly things and
we are so distracted and that's another enemy that Christian is facing right now is so distracted
with so much things we need to really just focus in one thing just you know even an hour or just
a minute of your time every day to God so the sword when you talk about the sword is that
sword for everyone because you said that we're coming into that time is that sword for everyone
yes is that called for such a time as this yes Jennifer you are that's a beautiful question
you say because I'm going back to Joel chapter two when God's the Holy Spirit says is upon all
flesh the Spirit of the Lord you know will be upon all flesh it means all flesh it means like
God never you know like setting any you know a favoritism because you know God is
a no respecter of man but at the same time the Holy Spirit is available you know the sword
of the Spirit is available to you know to whoever call in the name of the Lord like
because like repentance actually is going to really open a door for you you know to accept
Jesus and you be in his kingdom and be a child of God and so this is you know available for everyone
although Jennifer I would like to give a warning when you have a sword
it is a responsibility it's like taking a vow in the kingdom of God you know that you have
a responsibility you know to pray for someone or you know a Christian a child of God responsibility
what once you hold that sword and you know sadly sadly nowadays um some people they use
their sword to slash other other each other brethren brothers you know the sisters of
Christ but um God that's that's the you know the calling of God is amen so tell us about the time
now you've given your life to Jesus you've um survived everything that you've survived after
college and all the spiritual warfare of course we're still battling this but you got to reconcile
with your father quickly tell us about that okay thank you Jennifer um so 17 at that age like what
I said um now that's the first time I met my dad and also um I didn't realize he's a pastor
because like what I said before he's a drug addict all his life and now he's a pastor and so when I
reconcile with him um it is where God um I ran away from home for three years God my first ministry
is mopping you know the floor of the church until God teach me um seeking him for that three years
and this is the best important ministry that God teach me in that place forgiveness and that
forgiveness is where you know I saw my dad um in that small house and his preaching and then after
that I I embraced him and I said I'm sorry dad and you know something about happened you know after
the forgiveness you know has been open to to both of us um something amazing happened to me
that's where I became a missionary which is maybe a different story next time and also I
got to reconcile with my mom when you know she went back to Philippines and even the abusers
is like God really like that forgiveness it's a supernatural thing Jennifer it's not something
you know that's just in you it's the Holy Spirit the supernatural forgiveness for all that
those years because somehow the image of my father
is like the image of God in me.
Like I'm always asking, where were you
when I was abused, when I was
in pain, when I was being
tortured, where were you? And that's my
question with God. Maybe
in the other story, I'm going to tell that
but this time
I wanted to end it that
God
really showed me, you know
the miracle power of forgiveness
and how before
my dad died, 2016 when he
died, that's where
we got to reconcile, we got
forgiveness and
right now, Jennifer
established five churches in Philippines
two I got visit and
they helped me in the
ministry, you know.
Some of them really active in
helping me with the mission
and the seeds that my
dad planted, you know
it's growing. He died but he
left a legacy of
Jesus Christ in the hearts of many
homeless, drug recovery
people.
It's just a very amazing
story that I really wanted to
share. Is that something that I
need or something I can say, I brag
about, I work hard for this. All
of my days of my life
is only by the grace of
God and that's how God made it
clear to me that I will live
under his grace because I am the
monument of God's grace
and this is how I wanted to end this.
Amen. Sandy, Lynn
and you wrote a book
about your life. It's called Before
Eternity. Could you quickly tell us about that?
Yes, Before
Eternity and then there's a
subtitle, The One Who Dwells
in Zion and this is
a story about a
woman who's been in a Christian
journey. It's an adventure
filled book, post-apocalyptic
something to do, you know, with what
happened, you know, to the earth and
also the journey
going from the very, very
dark to coming to
light and coming to the cross
to Jesus Christ and going
back to your first love. Sandy, Lynn, could you
end this out in prayer? Could you pray
for everyone watching right now who have
been through, even
been through, I guess, what you've
been through, if not worse or
even better, you know, but could you
just pray for them in their walk with
Jesus and that they'll learn
to obtain that sword
that God had given them because
God has given us armor but it's
up to us to take up that armor. So
could you just pray for them right now?
Yes, it is an honor.
Okay, let us pray. God
Almighty, the God of Abraham,
Isaac, and Israel
and the God of our generation
and you see, Lord God,
your people, Lord God,
many are hungry, Lord
God, for your presence, and
many, Lord God, are struggling, Lord God,
with all kinds, Lord God, of
depression, Lord, and many, Lord,
are, Lord God, lost,
sick, and dying, Lord,
whether it's physical or spiritual,
Lord, by you, Lord God,
your love, Lord Jesus Christ,
and by the blood of the Lamb, God,
would you please, Lord God, by your sweet
gentle Holy Spirit, embrace all
of us, Lord God, especially the
one, Lord God, who will
listen, Lord God, right now, Lord,
with whatever they're struggling,
Lord God, with their finances, Lord God,
with their relationship in their family, Lord
God, with the abuse, Lord
God, Lord, give them hope,
Lord, as to what you have done
to my life, Lord God, there will be
many testimony, Lord God,
that their brokenness, Lord God, will
be the healing, Lord God, to
many souls, Lord God, and let it
be, Lord God, that the testimony,
Lord God, we can, Lord God,
say, Lord, is all about for
your glory, and there will be many
people, Lord God, many women that's been
abused, Lord God, that's been taken captives,
Lord, that there are many been struggling,
Lord God, with the sin, Lord God, of
any forms, Lord God, whether it's, Lord God,
immoral sin, Lord God, or
whether, Lord God, it's the sin, Lord God,
that has been there, Lord God,
by the ancestors, Lord God,
caused by the generation, Lord God,
every little thing, Lord God,
you see, Lord God, in the eyes of the people,
they, that, how much, Lord,
we are hunger for you, Lord, and that we love
you, Lord God, that despite of all this pain,
Lord, according to Hebrews chapter
13 verses 5, you will never
leave us, nor forsake us, so
Lord, this is our faith, and this is
our prayer, Lord God, for in Romans chapter
8, you said, Lord, that Lord God,
nothing can separate us from
your love, Lord, nor
no angels, Lord God, no demons,
nor death, Lord God, no sickness,
Lord, nor depths, nor height, Lord,
nothing can separate us from your love,
and so, Lord, whoever, Lord,
is listening to this prayer, Lord God, touch them,
Lord God, and heal them, Lord,
and let your Holy Spirit work, Lord God,
in our lives, Lord God, in such an
amazing way, we love you, God,
and we, Lord God, repent, Lord,
and forgive for all our sins, Lord
God, and that, Lord Jesus Christ,
you are the God of many chances, Lord,
Lord, give, Lord God, an open door to
all of us, Lord, to come to you, Lord,
and be at your feet right now, in the
name of our Lord Jesus Christ,
for yours is the kingdom, and the power,
and the glory, now and forever,
amen.
Amen, and Sandy Lynn, really quickly,
where can our viewers find your book,
if they want to search for it?
They can find it in Amazon,
there's also
an e-book, Barnes and
Noble's online,
it's actually,
as soon as you type it in Google,
Before Eternity, by Sandilene Taylor,
it will just pop up there,
yeah. I'll have your contact information
listed below. Yes, thank you so
much, Jennifer,
it's really an honor, also a privilege,
and God bless your life,
you know, sevenfold, you know, it's really
amazing, you know, to be
here, and talk to you,
and to share this testimony.
If you'd like to be born again,
and give your life to Jesus Christ
today, pray this prayer
with me, Dear Jesus,
I admit that I'm a sinner,
and am lost without you.
I'm convinced that you're my only
saving grace, and my only
hope. No longer do I
want to do life without you.
I believe that you came to earth
to die on the cross for my sins,
rose from the dead three
days later, and are coming back
for me one day soon.
Please come into my heart,
and be my Lord, Savior,
and friend.
In Jesus' name, amen.
If you've prayed that
prayer, get yourself a Bible,
and read it daily, and ask God
to interpret every word for you.
Then surround yourself with
like-minded believers in Jesus Christ.
Congratulations,
and welcome to the family.
Would you believe Jennifer
Bagnasi's book, I Saw God
Last Night, is not only a page
turner, but readers are right.
You won't be able to put it down,
but strap on your seatbelt, and
get ready for a supernatural ride.
Prepare to be captured
on an enticing journey along
one person's true life story
of multiple face-to-face encounters.
you